www.tvsubtitles.net
Tonight - an MP
in our reasonably priced car.
A nice relaxing smoke
in a new Aston Martin.
And a mad Jag gone bad.
Hello. We have a Jaguar theme.
Later, I'll look at the new XJ.
Look what we have in the hangar.
The R Coupe.
It's the only one in the world.
Have you ever seen such
a beautiful car? AUDIENCE: No!
Neither have I.
But it isn't actually a car.
It's a one-off, a flight of fancy.
Jaguar built it to show
where they're going.
We start tonight
with where they came from.
1953 - a top year to be British.
We climbed Everest and raced
this Jaguar C-Type at Le Mans.
This was the first car
to lap the Le Mans circuit
at an average speed of over 100mph.
Interestingly, the bloke driving
was totally and utterly...
TYRES SCREECH
.. drunk!
Steady!
'His name was Duncan Hamilton.
'He and co-driver Tony Rolt
qualified for Le Mans OK, but were
disqualified on a technicality. '
A-a-a-argh!
Hamilton went to a local bar
and got hog-whimperingly bladdered.
The race organisers decided
he could race.
We have the lariest car at the
start of the most gruelling race.
At the wheel, the most plastered
driver. Guess what happened?
He won.
This set the tone for Jaguar -
cars for rotters, cads, bounders.
It's my favourite racing story.
My favourite part is, at the first
few pitstops to refuel the car,
they gave Duncan Hamilton
black coffee.
He said, "No! It's making me
jittery! " So they gave him brandy!
Fill the car with fuel
and him with brandy!
Later - there's no windscreen
on the car - 130mph, bird, boof!
He never noticed! It was hanging
in tatters - "No, not giving up! "
Jaguar continued in that spirit
because in the '60s they had this.
The Mark 2 - glamorous enough
for David Bailey,
genteel enough for Inspector Morse,
fast enough for London's villains.
Let me show you one feature,
one little detail that sums up the
impact the Mark 2 had when it came
in 1959.
I don't mean the beautiful grille,
that long bonnet
or the wire wheels.
It's back here.
This badge.
Dunlop disc brakes.
They weren't just showing off.
These were the same disc brakes
that brought them Le Mans victory.
Jaguar worried that because they
stopped the Mark 2 so quickly, mere
mortals might pile into the back.
That might sound twee. But in 1959,
this technology was mind-blowing.
Good enough, in fact, to put
the Mark 2 in a league of its own.
Today, Jaguar struggles with German
rivals BMW, Mercedes and Audi,
but how was the competition
back then?
This is the Mercedes.
A 220 saloon.
Mmm. Racy!
This is the BMW 2000.
It's getting there, but powerwise,
it's still in short trousers.
And this is the Audi.
They weren't trying. They hadn't
even bothered to exist in 1959.
Not only did the Mark 2
drive better than everything else,
it also looked better.
Quite tricky to pull off.
More so when you consider in 1959,
Jaguar didn't have a styling
department - no style gurus to draw
these glorious shapes.
Sir William Lyons,
Jaguar's founder,
in the day would run the company.
On summer evenings, he'd work on
the prototypes here in his garden,
using the light, looking to see how
it fell on these gorgeous curves.
The head gardener of the time says
the local children would line up
along that wall and watch him work.
The 3. 8 could hit 60mph
in eight and a half seconds -
that was faster
than all the Germans,
faster than many purpose-built
sports cars of the day.
Faster, even,
than some modern S-Type Jags.
Best of all,
it was accessible
because it was cheap.
If you consider changing fashions,
it wasn't the Jaguar of its time.
It was the Subaru Impreza.
An Aston Martin DB4
came in at £3,200 with 300bhp.
But you could have a Mark 2
Jaguar 3. 8 with 220bhp for £1,600.
Some didn't pay that.
The Mark 2 was the car of choice
for Britain's getaway drivers.
Roy James, the getaway driver
for the Great Train Robbers, was
particular about his Jag Mark 2s.
He'd always steal a 3.4 rather than
a 3. 8 as he preferred the handling.
Not a lot of people know that.
ENGINE ROARS
The Mark 2 ran for most of the
'60s, but by 1968 it was all over.
Not a bad thing. Jaguar had been
swallowed up by British Leyland.
The BL monster
screwed up everything.
So it had its eight-year run -
like most cars -
but for me
it's the ultimate Jaguar.
Not the first time
they used this design or engine,
but as a package, the Mark 2 became
the definitive Jaguar saloon.
It doesn't have the E-Type's
knock-out glamour, but the way
we see Jaguars today as fast,
affordable, classy sports saloons
was defined by this.
I like the Mark 2, hugely.
I didn't get into Jaguar till they
launched the Supercharge in 1990...
Four. Four.
Black XJRs are sinister -
Hannibal Lecter had one.
He WAS sinister. I had one.
You're quite sinister.
The great thing was,
if you parked it outside a post
office, while you were away you
sensed it was robbing the place.
Or eating the post mistress.
JEREMY MAKES EATING NOISES
The Lecter mobile is gone -
this is the new XJ.
This is the Jaguar saloon for the
21st century.
Right. We start tonight
with some Vauxhall news -
of interest to these chaps
cos you have an Astra diesel and
he's got a Vectra - not a new one.
Dearie me. We've managed to get
a photo of next year's Astra.
Who wants to see it? Nope. Yeah.
You would like to see?
OK, fair enough.
It IS nice. It's really nice.
Terrific.
It'll never look
anything like that.
I thought that so I rang Vauxhall.
I asked if it would look like that.
They said yes. "If it doesn't, can
I eat your dog? " And he said yes.
"The three-door Astra will look
like that. " Fabulous. Absolutely.
Have a look at this, OK?
A Ferrari. This stripe's
what we're interested in.
Reading down this options list,
how much do you think this costs?
If you want the stripe.
£1,000. £1,500. For some paint?!
Shall I tell you? £3,643.
For a stripe. Bargain! Bargain!
Says the man with the Astra diesel!
LAUGHTER
They have a championship race
where these compete.
This is the road-going version.
It costs £30,000 more.
But it's lighter, lower, they firm
up the suspension, about 425bhp,
0-62 in 4.1 seconds. It HAS got
paddle shift and before you bleat
about flappy gearboxes, it's good.
Sorry! Have you driven it?
Yes. What happened?
I crashed it.
LAUGHTER
What happened? I went round a
corner, then I went round lots!
I span it several times.
This is why it's called the F360.
You're driving and then you go,
"F... " and do a 360.
You know, you could be right!
I've got news.
When Rover MG bought itself
from BMW for £10 a few years ago,
they made some fairly bold claims
about what they'd do. They said
they'd have a new 45 by 2003,
have a V8 engine in the ZT, they
said there'd be an SV super car,
they'd make a space shuttle.
Space station. They were gonna
build a space shuttle to get there.
A Rover space station would be fab,
dark metallic green, with a grill
that would appear every 24 hours.
A really nice clock somewhere, too.
We're just thinking of Rover.
IN BRUMMIE ACCENT: T minus six...
Did someone say tea?!
It's 3.30pm now,
we're knocking off, mate!
We'll do the launch in the morning.
Anyway. No Rover space station.
No super car, no Rover 45s, they've
not annexed China or bought India.
But what they have done -
I have a photo - is launch some
hoops for the MG. Check it out.
You can now buy those hoops which,
er, will cost you £280,
including VAT.
Or, attached to the car...
LAUGHTER
.. £339.
Reliability studies. Oh, God.
We love these because they tell us
which cars break down and why.
This one's reliabilityindex. com.
Internet. Maybe not the best start.
This makes interesting reading.
Here's their most reliable cars.
Their top ten goes -
number one, Mazda.
Fair point. Anyone got a Mazda?
Yep.
Does it ever break down? No.
They never do. MX5 goes for ever.
Then in second place, Ford. Mmm.
Anyone got a Ford? Yes.
Ever break down? No. Yes.
Some do, some don't. I think this
reliability index gets a bit weak.
Third most reliable car - Fiat.
LAUGHTER
I mean, then it's got, you know,
Honda, Volkswagen, Mercedes,
Toyota, Volvo. But third, Fiat!
What have they got
as the most unreliable car?
The second least reliable make -
LEAST reliable - is Subaru!
LAUGHTER
They're the most reliable cars
imaginable! I've never had a letter
from a Subaru owner saying,
"My Subaru broke down. " So.
No, no! What's the most unreliable?
Toyota? I bet it's Toyota. Jeep.
Jeep - oh, Jeep was one? Yeah.
Do you want that? Absolute rubbish!
LAUGHTER
Interesting. A brochure about the
opening of a new car park in Leeds.
"We're changing how people park and
also how they think about parking. "
Think about parking?!
You're done!
"Parking provides a vital link
in the mobility chain. " It does...
"It is never an end in itself. "
You don't go and do some parking!
Had a nice day?! I've been invited
to the opening of this car park.
In Leeds? I have to say
I'm very disappointed in it.
When I joined Top Gear, I thought,
"Here we go. Film festivals. " No.
My invite's to the opening
of a car park. It says -
"Yes, please. I'd like to come
to the car park opening. I'll be
arriving A - by car, B - on foot. "
I rang them and said, "I'll come
by car. Will there be parking?"
When I hosted Have I Got News For
You, seven people called the BBC
to say I was a very bad presenter.
When my guest tonight hosted it,
85 people rang
and said he was excellent.
He's the Conservative MP for
Henley, editor of The Spectator,
and it seems he's 92 times better
than me at hosting news quizzes.
Boris Johnson.
How are you? Nice to see you.
Have a seat.
This Have I Got News For You stuff.
It is tricky, isn't it? Very.
Tricky for me, at least.
It was trying to remember what bit
to look at at any given time.
Angus earned his money. They
should bring him back. Who agrees?
AUDIENCE: YES!
Not hanging, but bring back Angus.
The thing I've got to find out
is most politicians seem pretty
incompetent,
but have a veneer of competence.
You seem to do it
the other way round. Yes.
It is possible that beneath
the veneer of a blithering idiot
there lurks a blithering idiot.
Are you a blithering idiot?
No, no, my dear fellow.
You didn't drive a tractor through
a barn? It's perfectly true.
It was long ago.
Have you ever driven a tractor
very fast?
No. Nobody has.
Well, this was a fast one,
by my standards.
A Massey Ferguson with many gears.
And at the crucial moment I couldn't
remember which to use to slow down.
I sort of blanked, and I went out
through the back of the barn...
Through the wall? Yup. Anyway,
it was all right in the end.
They docked my pay
where I was working.
It was easy to replace the wall.
What were you, a tractor driver?
Part time, yes.
And now, you write about cars?
Yes, well, Jeremy, I sit at your
feet in terms of writing about cars.
Like Aeschylus feasting from scraps
from the rich banquet of Homer.
That's the sort of thing that goes
down big on Top Gear, isn't it?
That's a good thing? It is good.
I do enjoy your motoring column
in GQ magazine. It's very good.
I don't know anything about cars.
I shouldn't say that, actually.
I know more than I used to.
This is a little observation
that Boris made about the Maserati.
"Look how much has been crammed in.
The great, big, fat, long things.
"The vast doodah with the squiggly
bits coming out of the, er... "
Jeremy, I... Do you really
know your stuff about cars?
Absolutely no idea.
I've no idea how an engine works.
People have sat me down and said...
Do you know? No. Not the faintest.
The pistons go up and down and
you go along. How does it happen?
He'll know. He's got a beard.
It is a miracle. But I'm a very
keen cyclist. Unlike you, I think.
I loathe bikes. And you talk on
a mobile while you're doing it. No.
Well, I do. Yes.
I wanted to make a point
about my willingness to reform,
as it's true that I did once talk
on a mobile phone whilst cycling.
And why shouldn't you be able to?
Because you can't reach the brakes.
You can with one hand.
I... Are you saying people with
one arm shouldn't be allowed bikes?
LAUGHTER
Are you? Because I put it to you
that that's discriminatory.
People with one arm shouldn't ride
bikes... What do you mean?
No-one should be allowed to ride a
bike. They take up too much space.
And they don't pay to be there.
I think bicycles are wonderful.
You wouldn't park in a cycle lane,
would you? I do drive in them.
You drive in them? And bus lanes.
They're a great idea.
For you? Yeah, because you think,
"Everyone's not in it,
I'm late" and zoom up it.
Are you allowed to say
that on telly? I just did.
I defy the makers of Top Gear
to keep that in the final edit.
I think that's a challenge.
Who drives in bus lanes? One. Two.
Exactly. There's only three of us.
They're empty for our use.
Do you like the road? Are you the
kind of guy whose car's towed away?
It has been towed away now and then,
yeah. I wouldn't hide it from you.
I have to say the last time it
happened it was in defiance of every
bylaw. My car was legally parked.
And I had the testimony of TWO
traffic wardens that it was legally
parked in a residents' parking bay.
Mmm-hmm. But the point I want
to make is that once your car
is one inch off the ground,
once it's in that dreadful hammock,
it is no longer yours.
You have no rights over it.
Nothing you can say to the tower...
I have a theory on that.
I think if you leapt onto the
bonnet as it was dangling around...
Got one wheel down on the Tarmac?
There's no way in hell that...
They'll have to put it down again.
I'm sure of that.
You're here to find out how good
a driver you are. I have an idea.
Really? I think I'm extremely bad.
"Extremely bad"!
Who'd like to see Boris's lap?
Yes! Here we go.
Well, that was a start. It's made
clear to me why we're coached.
I'm the worst driver
there's ever been!
Aim for the apex. Aim for the apex!
SOMETHING BEEPS
Who hooted at me? Someone hooted.
This is quite...
There we are!
Across the line!
Don't feel bad about going
off-road. Was it uncomfortable?
It was fine. Very good car.
It is. Very reasonably priced.
You can buy it for 25p.
Really? That one!
Where do you think
you're going to come?
Up with Jay Kay, Jamie Oliver
and Gordon Ramsay?
Or Jonathan Ross, Harry Enfield?
I think towards the...
If not the very last.
You couldn't be slower
than Harry Enfield. I've no idea.
He's terrified
someone will be slower. He's only
13 seconds slower than Jay Kay.
On that track, that's four years.
Anyway, I have your time here.
You did it in one minute...
56 seconds, everybody!
He's faster...
than Jonathan Ross!
Could be worse. Could be worse.
Boris Johnson!
APPLAUSE DROWNS OUT SPEECH
The new Jaguar XJ.
It looks... exactly the same
as the old Jaguar XJ.
That can't have been difficult
to design -
"What shall we do?
I like the old one, let's do that. "
But in fact it's bigger, so you get
stuff you didn't get on the old XJ.
Things like room in the back
for full-size people. Comfortable?
I never noticed that
as a big problem for some reason.
You also get, for the first time,
a proper-sized boot
that you can get stuff in. Comfy?
Very.
Despite being so much bigger,
it's a fifth of a ton lighter
than the previous XJ.
That's because the new one
is made of aluminium.
A lighter car is nimbler, faster,
more economical
and kinder to the environment.
The old XJ, the one
I couldn't fit in the boot of,
that was made of lead and rock
and churches.
It was like a big velvet glove -
pick you up after a hard day
and gently deposit you at home.
This one, what worries me
is that some of the Jaguariness
will have been lost.
To find out,
I designed a cunning test.
Because Jaguars are supposed
to ease the burden of travel,
I thought I'd see how far I could
go before I got bored and tired.
There are so many things that
usually annoy me on a motorway -
Iike people in Mondeos,
registration number M134 LWR,
who sit in the middle lane
for no reason.
But there is fun stuff, too.
This is Staffordshire now,
voted recently
in a Country Life survey,
as the worst county in England.
But they won't have looked
at the important things -
the quality of slip roads
going into service stations.
On that front, Stafford Services
is in a class of its own.
Here we go.
You could brake hard, good brakes.
Hug the apex all the way,
let it run wide.
The air suspension working
overtime, keeps us flat and level.
Into the hairpin.
And...
Here we are, coming up to the pits.
What a lap!
I can't believe how light
the door is.
You know the Little Tikes cars kids
have? Red ones with yellow rooves?
That's what this feels like.
Watch this.
It should pay dividends
where it matters - here.
One of the worst things about
the old Jag was filling it up -
it went, "Zz-ggh zz-ggh. "
This, though, is going in smoothly.
That's a big improvement.
Out of the services,
it was time for another jam.
Guess what was at the other end.
Cheshire.
I'm not sure the Jag
will play well here.
Its bonnet is not onyx enough.
If you're interested in aesthetics,
you need either a Sport or the XJR,
like I've got here.
If you buy the SE, you get the
worst radiator grille in the world.
And the wheels are too narrow
on SEs.
So they look pinched,
like Joyce Grenfell.
Except not just pinched, they've
also got that silly grille, so...
Like that.
I'll tell you what is nice -
they must have been tempted to go
with the Kevlar interior, but
they stuck with wood and leather.
You still feel hemmed in -
big, tall, centre console and...
It's just nice.
It's like you're in an eiderdown.
Now, time for the traditional
motorway traveller's smorgasbord.
Double Decker.
That's the trouble
with eating Double Deckers -
bits of it fall off into your lap.
Try a Twirl.
Boost Guarana.
Oh, got a...
New Chunky Kit Kat!
Twix, an old favourite.
Mmm. That's very good.
That was a delicious lunch.
Looking forward to my tea.
William Hague once said to me
I was the type of person
who thought the Lake District
got in the way of the M6.
It does. We have to go round these
corners for these silly lumps.
It is pretty, though.
I hate car journeys.
They're so mind-crashingly boring.
But after six hours and 330 miles
in a Jag,
I was still relaxed.
No matter what the irritation.
MUSIC: "Smack My Bitch Up"
by Prodigy
This is Radio One.
Normally, that's like having
a screwdriver shoved inside you.
But today, it's fine.
This chap
wants to "bitchslap his 'ho".
Why not? Good luck to you, fella.
Let's try Radio Four. 'Society
hasn't always valued originality.
'Should we...? ' It's Melvin Bragg's
philosophy show.
'To what extent
is originality about perception?
'Is originality a concept without
meaning today? ' I'm not with you.
I don't understand the question.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
So, this is Glasgow
and I'm still feeling fresh.
I shall plough on.
Glad I did, because in Scotland
the Jag got even better.
On the motorway,
it felt like a comfortable cruiser,
like a 7 Series BMW,
now the motorway's finished
and it's twisty and curvy,
it seems to have shrunk.
I would swear I was driving
a car the size of a 3 Series BMW.
This is what we want - it soothes
away the monotony of the motorway
and then sticks its hand
down your trousers
when the road gets curly.
Which it has done!
The old XJR
drank fuel like a space shuttle.
This one got from Stafford
to the Highlands on one tank.
Just.
I'm now playing
what I call Fuel Light Bingo
The rules are simple -
Iet the fuel light come on, then
let the needle go through the red
till it's at the bottom
of the gauge.
When you see a sign saying,
"Services 1 mile and 27 miles",
go for the furthest one away and
when you get there, go past that.
If you make it home, the next day
your wife fills up the car for you.
I think it's a great game.
My wife doesn't like it very much.
If you lose, you run out of petrol.
When I finally coughed into a shop
that sold petrol from one
of Robert Louis Stevenson's pumps,
it turned out the Jag
had done 22.7 mpg.
Not bad
for a supercharged 4.2 litre V8.
Oh, dear.
I seem to have run out of country.
This time of night,
should be quite a nice trip back.
So what's the verdict, Jeremy?
Well, I still like the Fuse
best of all.
The Boost was like a Double Decker,
you arrive with melted brown.
Jeremy, the car.
Oh, the verdict on the car?
It's very good and at £58,000 for
the XJR, it's good value for money.
That's a lot cheaper
than the BMW, Merc or Audi.
What's your favourite in the range?
Er...
The 4.2 SE, it's the most Jaguar-y.
Yours? At the entry level,
the three-litre V6 is about 39?
That's a perfectly acceptable car.
In the XJR,
I wafted up to John O'Groats.
No backache, wasn't tired.
The only thing I didn't like
was the air suspension.
The old XJ used to glide around
at low speeds.
The air suspension can't absorb
bumps at slow speeds.
We hope air suspension
goes away very soon. And
takes those flappy gearboxes. Yes.
Right, the Cool Wall,
where's it going to go?
Black XJR. Where's it going?
I think we've kind of proven. Cool?
I think it's bordering on super...
On sub zero.
Black XJR... It's there.
Mmm... There.
It's also getting higher! I won't
even go there. I can't be bothered.
The rest of the range has
a problem. It looks just like that!
Isn't that uncanny? Incredible!
AUDIENCE LAUGH
Isn't that a dreadful grille?
Just say, "Yes, Jeremy. "
AUDIENCE: Yes, Jeremy.
I've found a dealer who, for £250,
will put the XJR grille on any XJ.
Really? That admits it's wrong,
but if it's got that standard
grille, the Jeremy's face grille,
that's uncool. Sorry! It spoils it.
Now, would you buy the Jag
over anything else?
I'm a Jag man, yes. So would I.
I wouldn't buy the 7 Series BM,
as it's too ugly.
The Audi A8 isn't quite there yet.
S-Class Mercedes...
Merchant banker. Merchant banker,
yeah! It's a merchant banker's car,
so yeah, I'd have the Jag.
But there is one slight problem.
In a few weeks we'll be testing
this, the new Volkswagen Phaeton.
I suspect that this will put a big
German fly in Jaguar's ointment.
Now, Hammond, do you have £58,500
to spend on a new XJR? I don't.
I don't. But with insider dealing,
we've got more sense than money.
This is the 1994 XJR, with six
cylinders, but still a nice car.
More raw than the others as well.
It's like this, but with different
wheels. I found one in black
at less than £8,000.
That's a tempting buy.
But...? I have got
a slight reservation.
Buy one by all means,
you'll be very happy.
I've nearly done it
a couple of times.
But it will lose money,
and never stop.
If it's £8,000 now,
that'll be halved next year.
I'm not saying don't buy one.
But buy one knowing that you'll
keep it, because it'll lose value.
Here's the ultimate underground
car. It's called the Jaguar XKRR.
It's lowered, it has racing seats,
there's a place to put your helmet,
it's got enormous wheels
and exhausts by Matrix Churchill,
it's a concept.
But, unlike the R Coupe we saw at
the start, this one actually works.
Unlike any previous XK,
this one has a manual gearbox.
You can do 58 miles an hour...
in first!
They've also changed the rear
suspension, an XK Achilles heel.
In fact, they've changed the whole
rear and added a limited-slip diff.
Which means...you can do this.
'If you try this in a normal XK...
'..you'd spin. But this just grips
and goes. It's a cat...
'gone feral!'
I love this car. But sadly,
they can't put it into production,
because Jaguar
has a sister company, Aston Martin.
This would jump up and down all
over Aston's new car, the DB7 GT.
This shape has been with us
for ten years,
but neither time nor Aston's
misguided attempts to improve it
have managed to ruin it.
For the GT, they've gone mad.
There's a new boot lid,
there are lumps on the bonnet,
and there's a new radiator grille.
All these things are terrible,
but when Sean Connery grew a beard,
my wife still fancied him.
FAINT BEEPING
Inside, you still get
a handmade feel.
When I shut the centre console lid,
the ashtray opens.
This window won't shut properly,
so once you go over 50mph,
you get a bit of wind noise.
But that's not the most annoying
sound that the Aston makes.
You stop this "bong"
by closing the door,
but when you start the ignition,
you get a new "bong".
It must be to remind Americans
they're in a car.
Actually, you couldn't sell this
to an American. He wouldn't fit.
There's nowhere for my left leg,
or for my head.
Remember that beneath everything,
this is basically a Jaguar XJS.
It's a 30-year-old design. How much
are they charging for all this?
£104,000!
'It's time to tuck the DB7 up
in bed with a nice mug of cocoa,
'and let Jaguar make
that brilliant XKRR instead.
'Except for one tiny detail. '
This GT version is not
just a cynical marketing exercise.
It's not just a beard
to cover the wrinkles.
What it is, is amazing.
It may be cramped, old
and expensive, but it is epic fun.
The old DB7 was never much cop
to drive,
but they've been through it with
a fine-tooth comb and changed it.
They've stiffened up the bushes
at the front and I cannot tell you,
I cannot stress enough
how much it's improved.
ENGINE REVS
It's not just better
than the old DB7.
I know of no other car which offers
such an intoxicating blend
of grip, handling,
and surprisingly, ride comfort.
There's something else as well.
Power!
♪ Round round, baby, round round,
spend the night on me
♪ I don't need no man
Got my kicks for free... ♪
God, it's fast!
'Sounds good too. Listen to this. '
ENGINE GROWLS HEARTILY
HE CHUCKLES
'The six-litre V12 is more powerful
'than a normal DB7 and then,
there's its party piece. '
Let me show you something.
I'm gonna stop, put it
into fourth gear, and off we go.
It sets off fine in fourth.
Foot down, and we're going
at 40 miles an hour.
50 miles an hour. 60 miles an hour.
70, 80, really into its stride now,
90, 100, really gathering pace.
Still in fourth. I've not changed.
120, 130 miles an hour,
135, we're on the rev limiter,
that's 0-135... in one gear!
HE CHUCKLES
'For the last few years
the DB7's been an ageing rocker,
'trying to cut it
in a Coldplay MP3 world
'of Porsche 911s
and Foo Fighter Ferraris.
'But now, thanks to a cocktail
of botox and Viagra,
'it's up there
with the best of them. '
What a car! I know.
But I don't like these bumps
and louvres they've put on it.
So I had a wheeze,
like Boris Johnson.
What you should do is buy a used
DB7 V12, take it to Aston Martin,
and they can put the GT suspension
stuff on it, and do the engine
as well if you want.
Brilliant! How much does that cost?
Well, a used DB7 is about £60,000,
and then £10k for the suspension,
and another £10k for the engine.
Is that your used-car tip?!
You've taken an expensive car and
turned it into...an expensive car!
It's 80 grand! It's all part
of the service, as is our lap,
so it's time to pump up the Stig,
and see how fast it goes round.
Away he goes.
Lots of wheel-spin there.
The six-litre V12 is working hard.
Stig is in a mellow mood today.
Now, down to Chicago...
Tidy.
Last week, the Alpina Z8
was rubbish on the road
but blistering on our track.
The Aston is vice versa. That soft
suspension is good on the road.
That's mad driving from the Stig!
I'm not sure it'll be fast here.
That is very fast
through the follow-through.
Down to the penultimate bend,
sliding all over the place!
Ooh, Stig, come on, have to gamble!
Lurching in several directions,
and across the line
in one minute and 30.4 seconds.
That's very quick, and Aston Martin
reckoned it would've gone quicker,
but it had a full tank of fuel.
But that's faster than an Audi S4.
And behind the Alpina.
But as road cars go, that's one
of the best I've driven in years.
Now, who'd like
to see the XKRR do a lap?
AUDIENCE: Yeah! So would we.
But since I drove it,
it's gone back, and Jaguar are
fiddling with the rear suspension.
So when we asked if we could have
it for the Stig, they said "Yes,
"but it's currently
like a greasy weasel. "
They said the Stig wouldn't want
to drive it in that state.
And they're right, he probably
wouldn't, if we'd have told him!
Here he comes now,
round the first corner.
Getting himself warmed... oh,
look at him already! Ha ha ha!
Come on, Stig, try to stay with it!
JEREMY AND AUDIENCE LAUGH
And that's a full 360
from the Stig!
Across the line... backwards!
APPLAUSE
Good old Stig.
On that multidirectional bombshell,
I'm afraid we've got to go.
But we'll see you next week.
Good night. Bye!
Subtitles by BBC Broadcast - 2003
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org